Workday Kim Edits (#367)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/workday/workday-connector-studio.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/
:page-aliases: workday-studio.adoc, /docs-release-notes/connector/workday-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc

> 

Reviewer: I see that the title of this topic is Workday Studio Configuration - Mule 2.
This worries me because it could be misinterpreted that Studio is a Workday product.
So I think we need something more clear and, perhaps, more awkward: Anypoint Studio for Workday Configuration? Anypoint Studio Configuration for Workday? Anypoint Studio Configuration for Workday Connector?

Reviewer 2: Not sure where the "- Mule 2" came from. What I see is "Workday - Studio Configuration - Mule 4" -- I added the dash between Workday and Studio.

> To configure a connector in Anypoint Studio:

Reviewer: "a" connector or Workday Connector?

Reviewer: [blue not edited]

== Configure an Input Source

Configure an input source for the connector.  Possible input source operations are:

* *On New Objects* - Start your app when an object is created in Workday. 
* *HTTP Listener* - Start your app using a browser or a command such as `curl`.

> * *Scheduler* - Start your app at timed intervals.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY reformat lists like these to the following format:

* *On New Objects*
    Starts your app when an object is created in Workday

Please review style reference.

> In Studio, drag the input operation you choose from the *Mule Palette* to the *Source* panel in the canvas. 

Reviewer: Are "Mule Palette" and "Source" actual UI labels? If not, lowercase and do not use boldface.

The required fields for the *On New Objects* input source are:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]

> |===

Reviewer: None of the following Description entries should end with a period; none is a complete sentence

|Studio Field |Description
|Connector configuration |Global Element Properties configuration name.
|Object type |One of: `ABSENCE_INPUTS`, `ACADEMIC_CONTACTS`, `ALL_CURRENCIES`, `APPLICANTS`, `BASIC_CUSTOMERS`, `CANDIDATES`, `CERTIFICATION_ISSUERS`, `CERTIFICATIONS`, `COMPETENCIES`, `DEGREES`, `DONORS`, `EDUCATION_TEST_RESULTS`, `EDUCATIONAL_INSTITUTION_COURSE`, `HEALTH_CARE_RATES`, `INVESTORS`, `ORGANIZATIONS`, `PAYMENTS`, `PROGRAMS_OF_STUDY`, `STUDENTS`, `STUDENTS_APPLICATIONS`, `WORKERS`
|Username |The username to log in with.
|Password |The corresponding password.
|Tenant Name |The Workday Tenant ID, which usually has the suffix `pt_1` appended to it, such as `acme_pt1`.
|===

== Configure Other Operations

> Each Workday operation has separate fields in Anypoint Studio that may be required. For more information, see 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Workday operation has its own required fields in Anypoint Studio. For more information, see 
```

the xref:workday/workday-reference.adoc[Connector Reference].

> The topic that follows provides additional information about configuring Workday for use in Studio.

Reviewer: OMIT
Each topic must be independent, particularly for reuse. The place to identify subtopics is in the introduction to the container topic. Do not provide transitions at the ends of topics.

> See also xref:workday/workday-connector-config-topics.adoc[Additional Configuration Information].

Reviewer: OMIT

> . Click the Trigger card and select *Workday Connector*: +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the Trigger card and select *Workday Connector*. +
```

> A list of object types that you can use to trigger Mule applications with the Workday connector is displayed. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of object types that you can use to trigger Mule applications with Workday Connector is displayed. +
```
However, what does "with" mean in this sentence? Mule applications that use Workday Connector, or Mule applications that you can trigger by using Workday Connector?

> In the Workday connector, the input source trigger is named *New Objects Trigger*.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Workday Connector, the input source trigger is named *New Objects Trigger*.  
```
Note that if you do not want to keep repeating Workday Connector, you can replace it with "the connector" if you know that the audience will not be thinking of any other connector besides Workday Connector. See style reference text about connector names.

> . Select *Click here to set it up* to set the required fields for the *User Name*, *Password*,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Click here to set it up* to complete the required fields *User Name*, *Password*,
```
GLOBALLY be sure to use "click" or "select" as indicated in the style reference.

=== Solution

When one of these conditions occurs:

. In Anypoint Studio, navigate to *Preferences > Anypoint Studio > Tooling*.  
. Double the values for `Default Connection Timeout` and `Default Read Timeout`. 
. Click *Apply*, and restart Studio.

== Next Step

> After configuring the Workday Connector in Studio, see the xref:workday/workday-connector-examples.adoc[Examples] to experiment with the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring Workday Connector in Studio, see the xref:workday/workday-connector-examples.adoc[Examples] to experiment with the connector.
```
Can we say something more specific about "experiment with the connector"? Now that I know what those experiments are, maybe "...to review some examples of using the connector to perform tasks like <name the two example tasks>."?
